CNV- 64948-2: Changed wording in glossary (#102605)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-networking-glossary.adoc

> Network attachment definition (NAD):: A CRD introduced by the Multus project that allows you to attach pods, virtual machines, and virtual machine instances to one or more networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NetworkAttachmentDefinition`:: A CRD introduced by the Multus project that allows you to attach pods, virtual machines, and virtual machine instances to one or more networks.
```

> User-defined network (UDN):: A namespace-scoped CRD introduced by the user-defined network API that can be used to create a tenant network that isolates the tenant namespace from other namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`UserDefinedNetwork`:: A namespace-scoped CRD introduced by the user-defined network (UDN) API that can be used to create a tenant network that isolates the tenant namespace from other namespaces.
```
